Add docs: Existing contraces (#605)
nervosnetwork/docs.nervos.org: website/docs/common-scripts/00-common-scripts-introduction.mdx

| [CCC ETH lock](./ccc-eth-lock)                                   | [ccc-locks](https://github.com/ckb-devrel/ccc-locks)                              | Rust     | Lock             | Enables CKB lock compatibility with Ethereum                              |
| [CCC SOL lock](./ccc-sol-lock)                                   | [ccc-locks](https://github.com/ckb-devrel/ccc-locks)                              | Rust     | Lock             | Enables CKB lock compatibility with Solana                                |
| [Spore DOB-0](./spore-dob-0)                                     | [spore-dob-0](https://github.com/sporeprotocol/spore-dob-0)                       | Rust     | Type             | Basic Spore contract for storing value in CKB cells                       |
| [Spore Protocol](./spore-protocol)                               | [spore-contract](https://github.com/sporeprotocol/spore-contract)                 | Rust     | Type             | Manages ownership and value of unique digital objects (DOBs) on CKB       |

> ## Library
> 
> Although the following are compiled into executable files (Run in CKB-VM), they cannot be executed as a single contract.
> Developers can call them through the provided API.
> 
> | Script Name                                | Repositorie                                                    | Language | API       | Calling method       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Library

Although the following are compiled into executable files (Run in CKB-VM), they cannot be executed as a standalone Script.
Developers can call them through the provided API.

| Script Name                                | Repository                                                  | Language | API       | Calling method       |
```

---
id: introduction
title: Introduction
---

# Introduction

> 

Reviewer 2: There should be a short description on what this section is and why we collect these scripts. The danger Disclaimer should be moved to the end of the brief description here, too.
